Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, we got an article somebody sent us talking about Iran threatening our military if Trump strikes Iran, that there would be retaliations against our bases overseas.
So, I was like, "This is exactly what the Lord showed me in prayer to y'all when we were praying to pray for Iraq and the military base in Iraq, that I saw drones flying in and dropping stuff out of them and hurting our troops.
" That we would pray for a supernatural hedge of protection around our troops.
So whenever Iran immediately threatened our military bases, I thought, "Wow, this is what the Lord was showing us.
" And so we're going to keep continual prayer over our military men and women that are serving our country.
Then the Lord was showing me Trump was trying to devise a plan to strike Iran and that it would be through Israel.
And so he had three different plan options.
And it was like I said in the spirit when I was looking in the spirit, it was like chess trying to think ahead strategically.
"If we do this what will they do?
If we do this what will they do?
And how will we do this?
" And so the Lord showed me when I was praying last night, I was praying over strategic battle plans that Trump would have the wisdom to know what to do.
Praying over him to have the wisdom to know what to do.
Praying over him to have foresight to see way in the future of knowing this is what's going to be the retaliation of this, you know.
And right now I know being diplomatic is what he's doing.
"Hey, you all stop this or we're going to do this.
" So, he's not going to go right in and just guns blazing without having some diplomacy is what I'm trying to say.
There has to be some kind of diplomacy.
So, right now we're seeing diplomacy because he has to justify what he's going to do to all the other nations of the world.
"Hey, we're going to stop Iran from having a nuclear weapon in the Middle East.
" A nuclear Iran is a bad Iran, and really, bottom line, I believe they probably already have one, but you have to go about it this way because it's more tactful.
So, that's what we're seeing right now.
We're seeing it in the news.
Everything the Lord showed us clear back before he was inaugurated, we're seeing it in the news today.
So we see Trump saying things on Truth Social, and so he is saying that on the second they're going to implement these tariffs.
So we need to pray over the economy.
I know what the Lord showed me about a major economic crash.
I know what he told me about this.
I've told you this this time last year.
I've told you this for a while now.
But I know what the Lord showed me about October in the intercessory prayer that we did as a nation, praying and asking God to delay what was coming.
I don't believe it stopped.
I believe we delayed it.
And that's what I'm praying about: keeping the line strong, having a rectangular window of opportunity.
It looked like a rectangle whenever I was looking over in it, to believe for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
I told you there's hard days coming.
I told you there's a great shaking to awaken, and I believe we're seeing the birthing pains of that right now.
We see all the things of him trying to make America great.
Folks, it was a mess.
This was a catastrophic mess of what the Biden and Harris administration had and where we were going.
If she would have won, I'm telling you, we would be in a totally different ballgame right now.
But I believe with God's grace, we're having a window of opportunity to fix some things.
Now, is it too far gone to fix?
Only God knows.
But we see the things happening.
But I'm believing for a window.
I'm believing for a window for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous, for the remnant to have enough finances to take and be able to do the gospel in a major way for what I've seen coming.
I'm talking disasters.
I'm praying over another EMP attack that I've seen that I've not talked about a lot because people get all freaked out about it.
But I'm telling you, I've seen some dark things.
And the Lord has told me, "Brandon, there is a humbling coming to America.
There's a great shaking coming to America.
" I told you about the heart and the black of the heart upon the land.
And there was a little sliver, and I believe that's the remnant.
I believe that's the people like you and me praying and interceding for this nation, and that there was a sliver of red and all this other when the hearts were collected combined, it was all black.
And the further it went out, the darker it got.
And this is another thing.
After the word the Lord gave us last night when we were praying, he showed me a major cleaning of the house again.
And I'm telling y'all, I could feel the Lord's—it wasn't anger.
It was correction for sure of the churches not taking their authority, preaching the gospel like they should.
And he said, "Brandon, you're being too kind, basically saying that the church is lukewarm in these areas.
" He said, "It's not lukewarm.
They're cold.
" And they're feeding the people a cold, stale bread.
Basically, the bread of affliction, just keeping them alive.
You know, it's like the prisoners when you don't want to feed them too much, you don't want them to die, but you just keep them alive.
You know, whenever in bad war times, you don't want to give them enough strength to fight you, but they are there just to sustain life.
And that's what's happening with a lot of churches from what I saw in the spirit.
And he even brought it up from Maine all the way down to Pennsylvania and all that.
I saw it in the vision and the Lord showed me, he said, "These people are from every denomination, tribe, and tongue.
They are not teaching the people how to stand and live by faith.
" And I'm thankful a lot of you all are here.
I hope this channel has brought you hope.
I pray that we're giving you that meat that you're getting fed here.
I thought when I went to Florida and we were driving through all those areas, I thought there has to be an oasis somewhere.
There has to be that oasis that people can go and drink from the well, drink and get filled up by the Holy Ghost every single day.
And I know you can do that on your own personal times, but I hope that you can get that here, that Diana and I, we and the kids, we're praying for you.
We believe that God is still on the throne.
And it's like Billy Burke said, "Brandon, you've always got to bring hope.
Hope to the people.
Yeah, you deliver the hard words, but always bring hope.
Tell the people there's hope.
" And I believe there's hope.
Just like what he was telling me, and I believe that, and God bless him, I love Billy Burke.
He is a friend and I am thankful for him.
But I'm telling you all, there is hope there.
It's not all doom and gloom.
It is not a time of just going "the sky's falling," Chicken Little.
This is a time of rejoicing because our redemption is drawing nigh.
And I believe with all my heart, we're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
And all the darkness and all the things that I'm telling you that if you stay horizontal, it can affect you.
But if we keep vertical, it won't.
And I'm telling you, I'm believing God.
I'm believing God for big.
I'm believing God for a big 2025 in this cleaning of the house, of the exposing of the wickedness and doing the things that I've seen happening with the church preparing itself for this great, great move of God, birthing us out of prayer and getting ready for this major revival that's about to take place.
I still believe for the supernatural wealth transfer to take place.
I'm not letting that go.
We need it.
My family needs it.
We need it for what God has told us to do, for what I know is coming.
It's going to take major finances to do it.
And so we're just stretching out there.
It's like the Lord said, 'Stretch forth your net to Peter,' whenever he was there.
And he said, 'Lord, I've been fishing all night.
I'm exhausted.
I'm ready to go home.
' That is basically what he was saying.
But Jesus said, 'Just trust me,' and he threw the net over on the side one more time and he got the biggest bumper crop he could ever hope or imagine or think.
And he's the 'exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think' God.
And we believe—that's the way that Diana and I believe.
We're believing for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
I'm talking for major things.
I don't get into it all on this YouTube channel to tell you what we're believing for because I don't want doubt and unbelief trying to hinder what I'm believing for.
I have to keep my eyes vertical.
And if I tell people what I'm believing for, they're going to go, 'What?
' and it's a chokehold for me.
So I don't need everybody speaking their doubt into what I'm believing for.
I just keep things to myself and we keep things as a family, and we're just believing for big because I know what God has told us to do.
It's going to be an international ministry and someway, somehow, I know that the Lord is calling us to do something huge.
And even like the lady—I don't know who you were, but you sent Diana a really nice black purse last night.
I polished that black purse up, and she got a pair of nice sandals that needed cleaning up; a lady just gave them to my wife.
So I was just taking the Magic Eraser and cleaning things up.
It's a blessing when people send you stuff and they try to be nice to you.
I told Diana, 'We don't know who it is, but boy, your people just try to love on you.
' They gave her a black purse, a coat, and stuff, and put it in a box to bless my wife last night.
She was so excited to get those sandals.
I said, 'Baby, let me clean them up for you and get that leather cleaned up and make it look nice.
' We're just so grateful for people doing things like that for us.
You don't have to, but whenever somebody just does something out of the kindness of their heart, you just want to say thank you.
And Diana was just thankful.
She sat there and said, 'You know, Brandon, I was praying for some sandals for the summer.
' Isn't that amazing?
And what was even more amazing, folks, is they were her size.
Nobody knows what size of shoe my wife wears, but God put it on this lady's heart to send her shoes.
I thought, 'What a kindness!
' So things like that blessed us.
I took those shoes and I polished and cleaned them all up for her last night and got them all ready.
She said, 'Thanks, baby.
' It's just a blessing.
I got the purse all cleaned up, put that leather cleaner on there, and polished that leather up until it smelled like brand new leather.
I thought, 'What a blessing.
' So we're just grateful.
But I just wanted to tell whoever that was—you've never emailed before and there was no way to contact you to tell you thank you.
So God bless you and know that we pray for you to have a great harvest.
Diana said, 'Let's pray for her to have some leather purses back there.
' Blessings in everything.
Like I said, you all, we are in Central Oklahoma, and all the areas of Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, and Missouri get major tornadoes.
I've told you I've seen major tornadoes, but you have authority over tornadoes.
You as believers need to pray, not being afraid of tornado season in America or wherever you're at.
You have authority to pray and take authority over the storms.
When the weatherman comes on and says, 'Hey, there's going to be golf-ball-sized hail, there's going to be baseball-sized hail, and it's going to come with 50-mile-per-hour winds that will break out windows and everything,' start praying in the spirit.
Take authority over the storms, telling them, 'No, you will not do this over our house.
You will not have destruction over our house.
We bind this demonic storm and we tell you to cease and desist in your maneuvering,' just like Jesus did when he said, 'Peace, be still' to the storm.
We are created in the image of God and we are joint heirs of Jesus Christ; and as he is, so are we in this world.
Say that: 'As he is, so are we in this world.
' And we take authority over that storm in the name of Jesus.
We tell you to have peace, be still.
And you'll see that storm as we're praying.
You can see that storm part and it starts to fall apart.
And all of a sudden, they'll have a tornado, 'Well, we just lost it.
' And it's so funny.
We laugh about it because we see the weatherman doing his best to try to tell us what's going on, but we're over there praying and binding and telling the storm to die.
You can see it on the radar on the TV; that thing just falls apart.
I believe every believer has that authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
I believe with all my heart that we have authority over the storms—not just spiritual storms, but physical storms, mental storms, whatever storm is trying to come against you.
You have authority over the storm.
I believe you should use your authority.
Don't shy away from it.
Call it.
Speak to it.
Say, 'No.
' And then pray for the rain.
Say, 'Thank you, Father, for rain.
Rain's a blessing.
' You know, we have authority to call in the rain.
Call in the low-pressure system.
Say, 'Bring in the rain from the Gulf of America now.
' Whatever we're going to call it, the Gulf of America, 'Bring forth the rain in Jesus' name.
' And Father, we thank you, Lord, for the supernatural rain so that we don't have drought.
We call forth rain—two or three inches of rain—and we say in the name of Jesus, drought's broken.
We will not have this.
You have to speak to your weather.
We have dominion and authority just like Adam.
Adam spoke and God gave Adam dominion over all the birds and all the fish and over all the animals.
He gave us dominion over the earth, over the air, over all of it.
You have to realize that you have that power and authority.
If Jesus did it, we can do it.
As he is, so are we in this world.
That's what the Bible says.
And I believe it.
So you just need to know that because we're in storm season and they're already forecasting big storms tomorrow.
I said, 'No, we ain't going to have no big storm tomorrow.
We're not going to have no high winds.
We're not going to have major hail these things.
' Over my area, over where I live, and where I put the tread of my soles, we're going to have peace over the weather.
We're just going to have good rain.
You just got to start saying that and believing it.
You've got to believe it.
You've got to put it in your heart and say it out of your mouth: 'I have authority over the storms.
I have authority over the rain.
I have authority over the clouds.
I have authority over the sun.
' I pray over it.
If Joshua could delay the sun and do what he did and cause it to stand still.
He was in the Old Covenant.
Could God do that again for us if we needed it?
I'm not saying we can just make the sun stand still all the time, but if we needed it, could God do it again?
Yes.
We're talking about the sun standing still.
How much more could we call for some clouds?
I see the cloud the size of a man's hand.
If Elijah could cause the rain not to fall for three years because he prayed earnestly and interceded on behalf of the drought—telling it to be a drought and no rain to come—how much more could we do it?
I don't want drought, but I'm calling for rain to come.
That's what I'm talking about.
We need rain.
We need our lakes to be full, our ponds to be full, and our grass to be green.
Throughout the summer, we call for cooler temperatures.
We aren't going to roast in 120 degrees; we're going to have cooler temperatures.
I call cold fronts in from Canada, in the name of Jesus.
Share some of that cold air, Canada.
We call the cold air down in Jesus' name.
That's what I tell them all summer: 'Share the air.
You've got to share some of that air down here in the South; it's hot.
' We've got to have some colder air down here.
So, just keep remembering: as He is, so are you in this world.
He said that greater works we would do.
Everything Jesus did, we can do.
Just remember that we are joint heirs with Him.
Be thankful for that dominion and authority today.
Be thankful for what He's doing in your life.
We can speak to the mountain: 'Be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea.
' And if you shall not doubt in your heart, you shall have whatsoever things you say.
I believe that we're blessed in the city, blessed in the field, blessed coming in, and blessed going out.
I believe that we're the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
You've got to believe it.
Well, I'm a believing believer; that's why I say that all the time.
I'm not a doubter.
I'm an overcomer by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of my testimony.
I'm a believing believer who has authority and victory, walking in victory.
I'm not just barely getting by; I have overflow.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
I believe it, I receive it, and I'll walk in it.
I will not be a child who is barely getting by while the devil's running me over.
I'm going to run over him.
Why?
Because greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
There's not a devil in hell that can trample over you; we trample over them.
He said, 'I give you power and authority to trample over all serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
' I believe it.
The devil comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
He isn't devouring me, my wife, or my children.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
A curse without a cause cannot stand.
There are all kinds of witches trying to do stuff, but a curse without a cause cannot stand.
There's no cause there.
I haven't opened any doors; I keep my doors shut.
We take communion.
No weapon formed against you will prosper.
Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
You have dominion and authority.
Take your communion right now.
It's real; it's the meal that heals.
It gives you power and authority to do all these things because it represents a covenant.
Jesus' blood paid the price for you to have a covenant.
I have a covenant with God.
It's like a marriage covenant.
When you put the ring on, I'm in covenant with her and she's in covenant with me.
That's why we say 'for richer or poor, until death do us part.
' Those are covenant remarks.
I'm going to be with her until death do us part, for richer or poor—though I don't believe for 'poor'; I believe for 'richer or richer.
' We've walked through the valley of being poor, but I'm going out on the other side.
I'm not going to live there; I'm not camping there.
Some people are campers; they sit down and say, 'I'm going to just live here.
' No, I'm not living in poverty.
I'm getting a four-wheel drive vehicle and moving on through.
I believe that's part of the covenant.
Everything is about covenant.
There's so much covenant in our society that we don't even realize.
It's covenant language.
It 'sticks out like a sore thumb.
' That came from covenant.
Why does it stick out like a sore thumb?
Because they used to cut the thumb and mingle the blood—blood brothers and things like that.
You ought to study where the origin of that came from.
It comes from covenant talk.
Why does it stick out?
Because they made the sore thumb as part of the covenant; they cut it, and it looks like a sore because they mingle blood and you become blood brothers.
But with those chieftains and all, that all happens.
There's so much covenant stuff people don't realize.
One day I'll study that more and I'll teach it to you all because I want to get it perfect.
I'm going to make sure I get this down pat.
But what I'm telling you now is real.
I know what I'm talking about.
God gave us a covenant with His Son's blood.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Everything He has is mine, and all that I have is His.
He gave His life to me; I gave my life to Him.
We're in covenant.
He said that I'm a joint heir with Jesus Christ.
I was adopted.
Praise God, I am His and He is mine.
Everything He did on that cross—He said, 'By my stripes, you were healed.
' I am healed because of Him.
I have a covenant.
I don't have to be sick, broke, busted, or disgusted.
I don't have to have mental torment, because He said in 2 Timothy 1:7, 'God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.
' I have a sound mind today because He said I did.
Father, we take this body and we lift it up before You.
We thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You.
And with your stripes, we are healed.
And we thank you, Lord, for our healing right now and deliverance over everything we need.
You took it for us.
Amen.
We take the blood and we apply the blood.
We make much of the blood today and we apply the blood over any open doors and we plead the blood over open doors that Satan, you cannot cross the bloodline.
And we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over all our sins.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every door that we may have opened.
And we shut the doors in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you shut the doors that no man can open and no devil in hell can open because it is shut by the blood of Jesus.
And there are doors that are open that no man can shut, and there are some doors that no man can open.
It is both; it is vice versa.
I believe, Father, that you covered us and we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that there is no devil in hell that can tread on us.
We tread on him.
And Father, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take it.
And the dear sister that gave us the box of communion sent us another one today.
So, we got another box in the mail of beautiful communion cups, brand new from Amazon.
She sent it from Amazon.
It is not weird because I will not eat it if you send it to me.
If you send me something and I don't know who you are—and there are people that do not like me—I am not eating it.
If you send me food in the mail, I will not eat it.
But if it comes from Amazon, I will eat it.
So, they sent this from Amazon.
Thank you for sending those communion cups again.
God bless you.
That was so nice of you.
I thought, 'Man, we are never going to run out; we have them everywhere.
' There is no address on there, is there?
It is a little box.
So, we are thankful for the box.
God bless you.
All right, let's pray today.
Let's lift up the things that he has for us.
I don't know how long I will pray.
I probably talked too much today.
Again, a lot of people say, 'Preach as long as you want,' but I value your time.
I don't want you to sit there and go, 'Man, he just rambles too much.
' I've been around preachers and hear preachers who talk so much that they say, 'Blessed are those that talk short, for they will be asked back.
' And I don't want to be that person, but I am a lot, I guess.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your blood.
We thank you, Lord, for your goodness and your mercy.
Holy Spirit, we yield to you.
Thank you for every channel that we have for Japan, for China, for our Portuguese, and all seven of them.
Today, Father, we reached a thousand subscribers on our Japan channel.
And I just say thank you that we are reaching and preaching to the lost.
All for Jesus.
All for you, giving all glory to you.
Thank you for the thousand subscribers on the Japanese channel today, telling them about the earthquake and warning them.
Father, if we could just reach one for you, God, I feel like we've done something big.
But I know what you've called us to do is raise up a million-person prayer army on this channel.
And Father, I thank you that you're sending the people today.
Father, if we could just give someone hope today to not give up on life, to not do something harmful to themselves or their loved ones, so they come on here and get some hope to let them know that you love them.
Father, I thank you that you give those people that hope today.
Every single person who's watching these videos today, we pray for them.
Every single person who's believing for unsaved loved ones, who's believing, Father, for their marriages to be restored and for their hearts to be healed and their minds, and so many PTSD victims and soldiers that watch us, and all kinds of different religions, which is amazing.
We have all kinds of different thinking.
We even have devil worshippers.
They'll tell us, and I just go, 'Isn't that interesting?
' So many people with so much hurt are just looking for help.
All of them are looking for hope.
They're all looking for something.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you set the people free because you said you come to set the captives free.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for every one of the channels.
I lift them up before you all around this beautiful planet as we are growing and becoming what you've called us to be.
Lord, we thank you for South Korea.
We thank you for the Philippines.
We thank you, Lord, for the China channel.
Thank you for the 18,000 subscribers on China, Lord, and Russia and France.
Lord, we give you praise and glory and honor for every single one of them.
And we thank you, Lord, that this is just the beginning.
We give you glory, honor, and praise in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you.
I ask you to speak through my lips, Lord, that it is not me speaking on these channels, Father, but it is you speaking through me, so that every single person who is watching is blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
We bless them in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that you bless them indeed and you increase their land and you enlarge their territory so that they would cause no pain.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for supernatural increase for every single one of them for jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commissions.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for supernatural increase over their households.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that their marriage is restored today in the name of Jesus.
That every single one of them, Father, that they are believing for their marriages to be better than what they are today, that they will be better tomorrow.
Father, there will be peace and unity and harmony in the houses.
The spirit of strife is broken off their houses.
I thank you, Lord, that you're the restorer of all things, that you can restore what the cankerworm ate.
And we call forth marriages to flourish and the children to be raised up in godly homes, that Father, they will have bountiful joy in their homes, bountiful peace, bountiful love, and that they would walk in the fruits of the spirit.
Father, we lift up every single one of them, that they are not underneath pressure for finances.
Father, the finances are flowing.
We call forth the finances to flow in the name of Jesus like a mighty rushing river.
Father, they will not just go from paycheck to paycheck, but they will go to overflow, and it will be so much overflow that they will be able to help those around them that need it.
Father, they will be able to lend unto many nations and they shall not borrow.
I thank you, Father, that this is the kind of God you are.
You're the God of more than enough.
You're the God of overflow.
And I thank you, Father, that you give them creative ideas to get wealth.
You said in your word, Father, that everything we put our hands to would prosper.
And I thank you that these hands are prosperous hands.
These hands, no matter what I do, God, whatever you call me to do, I'll do it with all I've got unto you.
And these hands are anointed hands.
These hands are going to do something big for you and great for you.
These hands are called of God to do something supernatural.
When I lay hands on the sick, they will recover in the name of Jesus because these hands are anointed hands.
And I thank you, Lord, that you've anointed my hands to do something great for you.
I thank you, Lord, that you have anointed my lips and my vocal cords to do something great for you.
Thank you, Lord, that I think differently, that I don't think in learning disabilities.
I think smart.
My mind's clear and alert.
And I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
These are things I say over myself.
I can do it because God said I can do it.
I can have it because God said I can have it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are more than conquerors through Him who loved us.
We are more than conquerors.
Father, I'm more than a conqueror.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that they are blessed in the city and in the field.
I thank you, Lord, that their circumstances are turned around, but God, You're the healer.
And I believe, Father, that their healings are flowing through their bodies right now in the name of Jesus.
Every cell they have is healed, whole, and well.
They're healed, whole, and well from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Every bad, evil report, Father, we thank you, Lord, that it's under the blood.
And Father, You paid the price for surgeries; You paid the price for mental anguish.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ, they're delivered.
And they are delivered now.
Father, that's not something they're going to go, 'Well, I've been struggling with this for 20 years or 30 years.
' Father, there's an expiration date to their problems.
There's an expiration date to that sickness.
There's an expiration date to their marriage being bad and the poverty that they've walked through.
There's an expiration date to it.
Today is the day that we say, 'When was the day it expired?
' It's April 1st, 2025.
It's today, April 1st.
On April Fool's Day—that's what they call it.
Isn't that funny?
But it isn't April Fools.
We say, 'April Fool's, devil!
' We aren't going to be underneath your stuff anymore.
We're free from it.
Isn't that neat?
I believe that.
I'm free from it.
Say, 'You've been made a fool, devil.
You've been made a fool.
I'm not a fool.
Not April Fool's Day.
You're a fool, devil!
' I believe I'm victorious.
I think that's interesting.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for your Redeemer.
Thank you, Lord, that You're bringing peace.
Thank you, Lord, that You said, 'Peace, my peace I leave with you.
My peace I give to you.
' And I believe I have that peace because You already gave it to me.
I walk in the peace of God.
I have the peace of God.
I have the peace that passes all understanding.
It's mine.
I believe it.
I receive it.
I walk in that victory.
And I have victory in the name of Jesus.
And peace and joy are over me.
Goodness and mercy follow me all the days of my life, and I'll dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
And I believe, Father, that goodness and mercy are taking me over.
Goodness and mercy are chasing me down.
Goodness and mercy are running me over.
I believe it, Father.
I receive it.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for visitations and manifestations of the glory.
I expect angelic visitations—godly angelic visitations that are not familiar spirits.
I will have angelic encounters that are godly, not demonic.
I thank you, Lord, that we're never snared by a demonic spirit.
We always hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
I thank you, Father, that we will have visitations and manifestations of the glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We desire to see You.
We desire to have greater manifestations in our lives so that when we pray for people, they recover.
Thank you, Father.
We give You honor and glory.
We thank you, Lord, for spouses—for people who are believing for spouses.
Some of you say, 'I'm single and I don't want to be single anymore.
' Women say, 'I don't want to be single anymore.
' Some women say, 'I don't want to be married anymore, and I want to divorce my husband.
Will you pray for me to get a divorce?
' I'm not praying for that.
I'm not praying for that.
I pray for you to have a restoration and a healthy marriage.
You don't want a divorce; that's not biblical.
'Well, I don't love him anymore.
' Ask the Father to rekindle the love.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that You're stirring that old love.
Whatever it was that drew you to that man in the first place, stir it up inside of you.
Stir it up on the inside.
Love never fails.
Perfect love casts out all fear.
My God loves me, and I love my husband.
My God loves me, and I love my wife.
Stir that love back up again.
Stir it up.
Take captive of those thoughts.
Say, 'I'm not going to think that way.
I have love for my spouse.
My spouse loves me, and I love my spouse.
We've got a great marriage.
' And I thank you, Lord, that You're bringing forth husbands and wives to people—godly ones, not Ishmaels.
We believe for the Isaacs.
We believe for the Rachels and all the beautiful relationships that will come out of a godly covenant.
Not being unequally yoked with unbelievers.
Be equally yoked.
Find good godly people to marry.
Don't go out and marry a heathen and say, 'Well, I'm going to pray for him to change.
' No.
Pray to be equally yoked.
Don't be with people who do not believe what you believe.
We just pray, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
We're agreeing for all this stuff today.
We're agreeing with you that your life is turning around, that today is your victory for your unsaved loved one.
Satan, take your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
The Bible says Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, and we call their eyes to be flooded with light today.
According to Ephesians, the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
We say their eyes are no longer being blinded by unbelief, that they would see the hope of the calling that God has for them.
Father, they'll have a Road to Damascus experience today.
We're calling them to turn around and for laborers to come across their path from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We thank you, Lord, that there's angelic presence coming and protecting them.
Father, You said that it's the goodness of God that draws all men and women to repentance.
We're calling them saved.
We're calling them delivered.
We call them set free.
We pray that people would give their hearts to Jesus Christ today.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that this is the greatest harvest time that we've ever seen before.
They're no longer wayward.
We're calling those wayward children home in Jesus' name.
We're calling for healthy kidneys for Joyce.
She's always believing for healthy kidneys.
This lady is always believing.
She's been on my videos for a long time.
We're believing for healthy kidneys.
We're believing for healthy bodies.
We're calling you all healed.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the blood is cleaning up everything from HIV to all hepatitis, to whatever you may have.
We call you healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Cataracts and glaucoma: healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Ear deafness and all kinds of things of the ear: new eardrums—and we call you healed and whole and well.
All kinds of heart problems and valves and stroke victims: we're calling you healed.
We call you well.
We thank you, Lord, that You're the deliverer and You've set them free.
Brand new livers, brand new kidneys, brand new thyroids—whatever you're believing for.
The healing power of God goes through this camera and touches you right where you are.
I believe for new lungs, new whatever you may need.
You say, 'I need a new toenail.
I need this.
I need that.
' God is a God that restores all things, and everything is made whole in Jesus' name.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet: believe big.
Believe for big today.
Believe for big.
Arms grow out, legs—whatever you may need.
I'm believing for a new leg.
If an octopus can grow a new leg, if a starfish can grow a new leg, I'm greater than a starfish.
I'm greater than an octopus.
I'm a child of the King.
There are things that I have dominion over.
And if they have the ability to grow back new limbs, I have the ability to grow back a new limb.
Believe for it.
Do you believe that?
Well, an octopus can do it.
Why can't you?
You have the Greater One living on the inside of you.
He isn't living in an octopus.
He isn't living in a starfish.
He's living inside of you.
And if God will do that for them, how much more for you?
I got that by the Spirit of God.
You need to listen to me.
That came right out of my spirit.
I've never said that before, ever in my life.
You need to think that way.
I got that right from the Holy Ghost right then, folks.
How much more is He in you if an octopus would grow back?
That was beautiful.
I've got to use that again.
That was cool.
That was right from the Holy Ghost.
That was hot off the press.
If God would do it for a starfish, I've even seen worms grow back stuff.
You know, worms and what else grows stuff back?
Lizards.
Lizards grow back their tails.
If God grows back a lizard's tail, won't He grow back your arm?
Won't He grow back your finger?
Won't He grow back your toe?
So, I have a heart to believe big.
If God did it for them, how much more for you?
Glory to God.
I love that word.
I'm going to use that over and over again.
How much more for you?
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, for You're the Restorer.
Just like You restore, You restore all things, don't You, Lord?
You are the Restorer of all things.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Ladies and gentlemen, I wonder if there's any animal that restores back any organs.
I believe it.
He's a restorer of organs.
He's a restorer of eyes.
He's a restorer of ears.
He is a Restorer.
So, glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You protect our men and women in service over in Iraq again.
All the things I've seen with those drones trying to attack from Iran.
Father, that there will be no bases hurt, nor any of our battleships.
Father, that we will stop the nuclear capabilities of Iran.
That You give Donald Trump protection right now in the name of Jesus.
We ask for supernatural wisdom.
I don't know about all this terrorist stuff, Father, but I believe that Your hand is on this nation.
And You told me, You showed me again today the vans and the trucks full of fertilizer and that they'll be exposed.
They're lying low.
They're hidden right now.
But I'm telling you, these trucks, again, they exist in warehouses.
They exist in barns.
They exist.
And I'm telling you, they've not disappeared.
I'm seeing it again.
I saw it again today.
And we call as if we strike Iran, those people in those ten cities won't come out of their holes.
I'm telling you, something triggers these people to come up out of their holes.
Like ants coming up out of their dens, we come against these dens.
There are hidden cells of a Red Dawn experience in our country.
And as we strike these places, you need to listen.
We pray for protection as we strike, if we do this stuff, that they will not retaliate within.
These people are within.
We must pray for protection over our churches.
You must pray for protection over where you go to church as Easter comes, as these places of worship.
If we strike these places, I'm serious, folks.
We have enemies within.
A Red Dawn experience.
I've seen it again today.
I have these glimpses when I'm praying and the Lord shows me you need to pray over this.
This is still serious.
It didn't go away.
The vans with fertilizer didn't go away.
Just because it didn't happen on Inauguration Day doesn't mean it went away.
It's just been about ten weeks now.
It's still there.
What the Lord warned about, we've got to pray.
We've got to keep on it.
So, Father, we keep on it.
We believe that You are exposing the darkness wherever they're hiding.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that our Homeland Security is run by that woman now and that she has godly wisdom.
I pray over her mind that she has the mind of Christ and Father that she'll find it out in her spirit even in the midnight hour.
You'll speak to her in her sleep and show her where these evil people are, and ICE and the people will expose them.
They'll get them and they'll round them up and get them out of here.
I thank You, Father, that there will be no attacks.
There will be no terrorist plots.
There will be no mass casualty casualties over our nation or Canada.
We call forth Canada.
The Lord said, 'Don't forget Canada's election.
' Father, I call forth the righteous to pray.
We call forth Canada right now in the name of Jesus.
We say that the people will get out and vote.
And Father, that it will be too big to rig.
It'll be too big to rig in the name of Jesus over Canada.
We call forth in the name of Jesus supernatural favor that Father, they'll win by a landslide.
The Conservatives will win by a landslide.
It'll be the greatest victory in Canadian history in the name of Jesus.
And every plan, every plot of the wicked to steal the election will be brought to light in the name of Jesus with the voting machines.
I thank You, Lord, that everything they planned, everything they plotted, will be too over the top and they will not be able to rob the election from the Atlantic all the way to the Pacific.
Every single plot of land, the voting stations, everybody that comes out, Father, they will vote Conservative.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that this will be the greatest victory for the Canadian people that ever happened.
Father, You said it's a 30-day window.
You said, 'I'm giving you a 30-day window.
' We've got to pray for this.
We take our authority just like we did for America.
This will be a time of turnaround.
And the far-left will be exposed for who they are: the ones that locked you down in your houses, the ones that did the truckers the way they did.
Father, they blocked their bank accounts.
Justin Trudeau is evil and this other man is more evil.
We say there's an exposing of darkness in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, Lord, that the righteous would rise up, even the blue-collar workers, the white-collar workers, and they will rise up and say, 'We've had enough.
' They'll have those blinders off of their eyes and they'll say, 'We've had enough.
We're not going to live this way anymore.
' And they'll have a new conservative wave of victory like we've never seen before in Jesus' name.
We call for Venezuela and El Salvador.
I believe it was El Salvador asking for prayer for an election.
So, Father, we thank You, Lord.
I believe it's El Salvador.
We call their election too big to rig also.
And then, Father, that they'll have a major victory in El Salvador in the name of Jesus.
We had so many people saying they had elections.
Oh, and the judges in Wisconsin, that was something else.
Elon Musk—I believe it's tomorrow.
They have an election tomorrow, right?
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, that there's an election for these judges, that we call forth a major victory over these judges in Wisconsin.
We thank You, Lord, that they're replacing them.
They'll be conservative judges, and it will be a landslide victory for the conservative judges in the name of Jesus.
We're calling this in.
We claim them now.
And we thank You, Lord, that we have favor, that this will be a time like never before, that even in the midterms, Father, it'll be the biggest red wave we've ever seen in this nation in Jesus' name.
Father, we pray over South Korea and over all the areas and the Philippines.
We pray over them, Father, that godly leadership rise up in South Korea; that the Communist Party will not come out of China and out of North Korea trying to oppress the people of South Korea.
We call forth South Korea to be free, to be filled with the Holy Ghost and a great revival from all around.
Father, the people will experience the glory of the Lord over South Korea, over the Philippines, over China, over Japan, and over all of Vietnam.
We call for revival in Jesus' name.
Revival in Jesus' name all over the place; all over North Korea, we call for revival in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, that Kim Jong-un is being dealt with.
We call him dealt with in Jesus' name.
God, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise in the mighty name of Jesus for everything we've prayed for today.
And I give you glory, Father, that you're bringing it to pass at last in Jesus' name.
And everybody say, 'Amen and amen.
' Well, thank you for joining me today.
I know I think I went over an hour.
I don't know how long it was—an hour video, it's pretty good.
Tomorrow we'll pray again.
But I just want to tell you all thank you.
God bless you for being a part of this YouTube community, our little channel, our online church.
I'm excited about what God has for us.
And if you could subscribe, it really helps us.
Every one of you, subscribe; we're believing for it to grow.
It's time to excel.
So subscribe, click the like button, click the notification button, click all the buttons they need you to.
Thank you for helping us.
God bless you all.
We just want to tell you thank you from the bottom of my heart.
God bless you.
Braden thanks you.
We all thank you.
Thank you for being a part of it.
We'll be back tomorrow.
And we always close our little broadcast here saying, 'Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
' God bless you all and we will see you again tomorrow.
Have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.